Revani is a dessert that emerged with the cuisine of the Ottoman Empires.
Hummus is probably one of the best-known Middle Eastern foods.
Falafel is a dish originating from the Levant.
Baba ghannouj is a popular appetizer made from eggplant and tahini.
Knafeh is a buttery, crunchy dessert.
Red Wine is for gentleman.
Girls love strawberries.
Pumpkin pie is a common dish for thanks giving dinner.
Don't wanna celebrate Christmas without turkey.
Ice Ice pops are must after dinner.
Lacchi is an Asian radiational food.
Peas are good for children.
Coconut is a great source for reducing dehydration.
There's no cinema night without pop corn.
Kababs were born on middle east.
Ilish is the heart Bengali food culture.
Belgian chocolate is the best in the world.
Asparagus is great source of vitamins A, C and K.
Mashed potatoes completes a dinner with steak.
There's no birthday without cake.
Who doesn't love milkshake?
Cookies and milk are loved by every children.
If you invite me for brunch make sure to have COKE.
Tortilla chips makes me happy.
Shrimp cocktails are really loved by adults.
Taco is the food that represent mexico.
Jalebi is a heavenly gift for sweet tooth's.
My sister's Custard is the best.
Meat gravy and fried rice are the best items for launch.
Breakfast is unfinished without doughnut and coffee.
My elder brother loves parfait.
Beth opened a lemonade store.
Shawarma is a great evening snack.
Salad is the first choice of an athletic person.
America is famous for hot dogs.
You can win anyone's heart with waffles.
Pancakes are the easiest dish to serve on breakfast.
Chicken tikka masala is common amongst Indians.
Walnuts are useful for increasing sperm rate.
I can finish a whole jar of peanut butter jelly in a minute.
Pasta is a widow without cheese.
Crackers are preferred by people for it's saltiness.
There are more than 300 varieties of date grown in Saudi Arabia.
Fresh baked bread completes corn soup.
That 'Butter Chicken curry' was spicy as hell.
A great way to make 'Brisket' is to use veal.
Coleslaw is a must item with chicken fry.
Mr. roger cooked us lamb chops while camping.
That has just finished 24 bottles of beer.
Ashure is a dish that symbolizes abundance and fertility.
Ham is very testy.
Biscuit are so hard to break.
Hot dog is very yammy.
Molla Biryani is awesome.
I just love to eat Jam with bread.
I don’t like items contains Sour cream.
I had maiden the Mutton BBQ.
This piece of Steak is very soft.
Veg Salad is a gesture of healthy people.
Pizza makes me crazy.
I can make Pancake at home.
He made this Fish flesh.
We used to collect very special Butter.
They have their own Yogurt recipe.
Spaghetti is a very popular item of Hotel Sheraton.
Chinese Rice are very delicious.
Breakfast without Bread is incomplete.
Cream is the most favorite one of each people.
For enough protein drink Milk twice a day.
There are different types of Sandwiches available here.
Fried fish is one of the popular dishes for vegetarians.
Beef may contain allergies.
Pizza is a common fast food.
Pasta is an italian recipe.
China's noodles are very famous.
Shrimps are famous in China too.
Lasagna is another classic of Italy.
Sushi is extemely famous and expensive Japanese dish.
Unagi is a famous seafood of Japan.
Tempura , Soba are other famous dishes of Japan.
Udon is a healthy type of noodles.
Chocolate soufflé is extremely famous french cuisine.
Flamiche is french pastry.
Burgers are the most commonly consumed fastfood. 
Burgers are the most commonly consumed fastfood.
Frenchfries are considered too oily.
It takes so much time to prepare Cottage cheese.
The texture of Kebab makes me yewy.
You can’t get the American Hamburger in Bangladesh.
Without Cheese I can’t imagine even a single dish.
At the seaside areas Tuna steak highly recommended.
Egg curry is a common dish and available over the world.
There are none who doesn’t love Ice cream.
Rice is the main food of south Asian sub-continent.
Do you know how to Roast chicken?
Chinese Seafood are very dangerous to check out.
Shrimp brain is so costly but testy to eat.
You can mix Bacon with vegetables for a dish.
I don’t like to have Porridge.
I am always hungry for Sausage.
Mushroom is a very healthy food, it contains a lot of healthy elements.
I can cook Steam Chicken very well.
Those items, looking like as rings are “Nuggets”.
I can make Pasta by myself.
I ate my Burger.
I'm eating a Broccoli.
I just ate a Asparagu.
I only ate the Bluberrie.
I'm done eating a Banana.
I've already eaten a Lean beef.
I just finished my Beef meat.
When I was having lunch I ate a Lamb.
I ate a Chinese noodles and a beef noodles for lunch.
I made a Sushi and fish-curry for lunch.
I ate fish and veg.
today I ate a Carrot and a Cucumber for lunch.
I had choclate party with my husband last night.
I brought you some cake on my birthday.
I made cake for yesterday's dinner.
I had apples yesterday and I'd like to eat it anyway.
I ate a couple of Shrimp last night.
I had some brown rice at dinner last night.
Last night, I ordered some Tuna fish.
I made a bread last night.
I had a bowl of curry with vegtables and I wanted to go to the mall today.
I brought a basket of vegtables for breakfast this morning.
I had a bowl of Yogurt.
I ate a potato with salt in the morning.
I made a bowl of juice for my breakfast.
There's bread for breakfast in the bowl this morning.
This morning, I made a bowl of noodles.